INTDB-301-DOC: Move Federated Docs to separate branch (#747)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/federated_settings_identity_provider.html.markdown

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"

> page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_identity_provider"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: mongodbatlas_federated_settings_identity_provider"
```

sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-datasource-federated-settings-identity-provider"
description: |-

>     Provides an Federated Settings Organization Identity Provider Datasource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Provides a federated settings organization identity provider data source.
```

Reviewer: This one got missed.

Author: Fixed

---

> # mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_identity_provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# mongodbatlas_federated_settings_identity_provider
```

> `mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_identity_provider` provides an Federated Settings Identity Provider datasource. Atlas Cloud Federated Settings Identity Provider provides federated settings outputs for the configured Identity Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mongodbatlas_federated_settings_identity_provider` provides a federated settings identity provider data source. Atlas federated settings identity provider provides federated settings outputs for the configured identity provider.
```

Author: Fixed

## Example Usage

```terraform

> resource "mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_identity_provider" "identity_provider" {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource "mongodbatlas_federated_settings_identity_provider" "identity_provider" {
```

> resource "mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_identity_provider" "identity_provider" {

Reviewer: Looking at your example in [examples/Federated-Settings/main.tf](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/742/files#diff-97e59f55c8af0e7bf39101dd03c05da51f79b9f888d8f2fbd45f2e256174b0f6) this does not have all the same variables.  I'm not sure if the diff is required or not (the docs sadly don't seem to have) but if so these should match up.

Author: Added variables plus f7f7f7 to break up ids and mangled sso domain / okta urls

>   federation_settings_id     = "627a9687f7f7f7f774de306f14"

Reviewer: Just double checking that all actual values in examples are fake, correct?

Reviewer: @martinstibbe is this like the examples you cited in the https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/742?  These are all dummy data?

Author: yep 7f7f7f masked

  name = "mongodb_federation_test"
  associated_domains           = ["yourdomain.com"]
  sso_debug_enabled = true
  status = "ACTIVE"
}

data "mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_identity_provider" "identitty_provider" {
  federation_settings_id = mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_identity_provider.identity_provider.id
  identity_provider_id   = "0oad47f7fXnk1297"
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `federation_settings_id` - (Required) Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the federated authentication configuration.

> * `identity_provider_id` - (Required) Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the federated authentication configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `identity_provider_id` - (Required) Unique 20-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the IdP.
```

Author: Fixed

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

### FederatedSettingsIdentityProvider

* `acs_url` - Assertion consumer service URL to which the IdP sends the SAML response.
* `associated_domains` - List that contains the configured domains from which users can log in for this IdP.

> * `associated_orgs` - List that contains the configured domains from which users can log in for this IdP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `associated_orgs` - List that contains the organizations from which users can log in for this IdP.
```

Reviewer: Missed one

Author: Fixed
